Hey guys, welcome back to the course.
OK, the last two lectures we seeked out,
sooked out, that word will always forever haunt me,
sought out and destroyed some forum communities.
Tons and tons of them out there,
and it's really low hanging fruit.
It just takes some time to find them,
then find the people you need to message.
Now, in this lecture we're going to explore a relatively
new crop up in communities called Slack. Slack, for
those of you who are not cool, is a team productivity
tool that's gotten really popular amongst tech
companies for interdepartmental chit-chat. Slack is
basically a chat room, except with cool colors and
smooth interaction design.
In reality, it's really just like a re-skinned ICQ
or AIM chat room from the 90s, but it's made
such that it works a whole lot better.
You can kind of get a hint of their
origin by looking at their logo.
Yes, that background is plaid,
the unmistakable mark of a hipster or, my new favorite
term, lumbersexual, who only uses something if
it's pretty and expensive.
Check and check.
Anyway, what Slack wasn't predicting was the online
revival of free communities using their platform
for water cooler talking. And well, here we are, getting
ready to use those same communities to sell our stuff.
So the first place to look for a Slack community
that might fit your space is to simply google any
of the keywords you were previously using plus slack.com.
If that doesn't really work out for you,
try .slack.com instead.
That sometimes works. And if neither of those work,
then we can use one of two or three community lists.
First, there is a slacklist.info - it, as you can guess, lists Slacks.
Yes, I know, real original.
If you can't find what you're looking for on that website,
then I've listed in the resources some Medium
and Inc.com posts that have attempted to one up each
other in terms of "how many Slack groups can we
list." One of them has listed like 400,
so you can probably find one.
I've also linked to some ultimate lists that only have 200.
So it's fair to say that it's ultimate more in the way that
Frisbee can be ultimate. Slack is currently new-ish,
so the ease at which you can find
communities on it is pretty limited.
Later on when you guys take this course,
maybe there's a search engine for Slack
groups, but right now, it's pretty limited.
Oh and also, side point, I'm not even sure if the company
wants people to be using their system like this.
Anyway, brush that off, grab a handful off
of the community posts or slacklist.info
or just through googling, the ones you
think will actually work, and then join them.
If you haven't used Slack before, well, now is the
time to try. Go to Slack.com and you just install it.
It's really one of the easier things ever to install,
but it takes maybe an hour or two to get used to
how to use all of its features and how to talk correctly.
Slack works on your phone, it works on your browser,
it works on your desktop, it works on your iPad,
and of course, it also works on your Palm Pilot.
Once you're in it, it sort of looks like this.
You can see it on the screen.
Groups are divided into channels and will kind of light
up white when there's new activity, when someone
just said something. The name of the game here
in Slack groups is relatively simple, and it's for the
most part exactly like the forum game we just really
went over. Slack absolutely does allow direct messaging,
and currently there's no real system limiting
you from taking advantage of that.
Obviously, don't be obnoxious with it.
Try watching discussions and when you identify people that
you think are actually worthwhile, then reach out to them.
Please, God, do not just go and message
every single person in a group.
You'll get banned very quickly.
Again, use the same techniques we
talked about before, ask for feedback,
or again, try to say something they said and build off of it.
Now, alternatively, yes, you can join in on the conversation,
but be aware that these conversations are pretty ephemeral.
People see them and then they get
buried pretty quickly in the feed.
So it's not enough to do essentially a drive-by post
and post one thing and then just leave. In order
to be effective and to get people to actually go to
your site, you really need to stick around and field
questions or follow up or, you know, just be there.
Otherwise, it's just the case that enough people
probably aren't going to focus on your link
or they might just see it once and not think anything of it.
Slack is, especially in some of the
generic entrepreneurship sections,
a great place to play that feedback
card that we talked about before.
In the other communities, if there's a channel labeled
something like #feedback or #help or #questions,
then you're generally good to go and post in there saying what
you've done, why, and then ask for feedback on your thing.
Again, don't just post one sentence, two sentences, give
some background, explain what you're struggling with,
say something interesting.
If the community you're looking at doesn't have
something like this, then just be a little more careful.
if you're going to post in something that's not
designated for feedback, or sharing what you're doing,
it definitely helps to preface your post with something like,
"Not sure if this is the right place to post this,"
and potentially at the end even ask if
"Hey, is there a better place to post this?"
Again, we trick people with vulnerability.
In general, with Slack, just because
of the way the chat dynamics work,
try to keep your posts short,
3-4 sentences are pretty much ideal.
Anything over 3-4 sentences and you're
going to be taken for kind of like a ranter
and not as many people will read it,
they'll see it's long and just skip it.
Okay, that really just about wraps up Slack chats.
They're really just a new form of a forum,
but because they're free form and real time,
there are a lot of opportunities to get in
and get your information out there.
I strongly suggest you take some time
to feel out the groups just a little bit
and to contribute to the discussions
a little bit before you post.
For instance, if you know you're going to be
posting in, say, like the #random channel,
then try to join a conversation with some
of the more frequent talkers of that channel.
Those people are more likely than not going to be
the first responders when you post something
about your business or about your product,
so make sure they've actually seen you once,
so they don't think you just joined, posted, and left.
And by all means, under no circumstances should you ever
write @everyone or @channel or @here in your posts.
What that does is it blasts literally everyone in the channel
and it will result in the gods being
very, very angry with you.
I'm pretty sure that the incorrect usage of
@everyone is exactly how black holes are formed.
Check it out. It's a fact.